Update search_syntax.md (#8357)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/search_syntax.md

`@url:www.datadoghq.com`

> **Note**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notes**: 
```

> 1. Facet searches are case sensitive. Use free text search to get case insensitive results. Another option is to use the `lowercase` filter with your Grok parser during parsing so that you get case insensitive results during search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Facet searches are case sensitive. Use free text search to get case insensitive results. Another option is to use the `lowercase` filter with your Grok parser while parsing to get case insensitive results during search.
```

> 2. Searching on a facet value that contains special characters requires escaping or double quotes. The same logic is applied to spaces within log facet names. Log facets should not contain spaces, but if they do, spaces must be escaped. If a facet is named `user.first name`, perform a facet search by escaping the space: `@user.first\ name:myvalue`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Searching on a facet value that contains special characters requires escaping or double quotes. The same logic is applied to spaces within log facet names. Log facets should not contain spaces, but if they do, spaces must be escaped. If a facet is named `user.first name`, perform a facet search by escaping the space: `@user.first\ name:myvalue`.
```
